you know cook I just give me gut
reaction sort of oh honey would thinking
we kind of go
we're on a train together running phone
line
I've noticed you're wearing a blue shirt
you know a couple of years ago I changed
my favorite color I think the smile yeah
I don't think it's that I think I think
the look is good it's always weird cos
doing it fine well I think I think
that's mostly good but I think I
wouldn't look at a girl that's this long
they usually like gifs I get the pin
somebody was gonna talk to me Octavia
first he called out because I don't want
to like force myself on to someone you
know realistically like if you get a
little bit like that feeling it's better
just say oh do you wanna do you not
wanna talk to me
alright cuz it's better get that when
they say yes they'll be a big committed
and if they say no you're probably
forcing yourself and it wasn't problem
what's the point you know okay cool
thanks I appreciate you letting her know
so there's something I like about you
know gold actually be exact so yeah
there's just something
it's just when somebody says sometimes
if I don't know what it is I don't get
in this is mrs. allude Jimmy but I'll
say like I was like what I'll just make
a and there's something about them
repeating it that makes them more like
me because we can I look at her I didn't
like that as a girl though as the girl
that felt like you are in community
interact
it was not a bad thing because your
community interaction I can kinda warm
up I'm as committed as you are in some
sense but your community that are not
that's important thing right now is you
have trying to be but I think like a
cuties League just you know monitor that
in Finn's when you think a lot of people
are too intense
some people are intense enough for some
people aren't present enough you know I
tend when I'm sitting it generally 10
when I talk to somebody look at them
they've been other times I came on a
pause they can't turn away cuz it's like
almost like creating a vacuum
I think that yeah like when I make
statements H Emily turned towards person
I go into the first name when I drop
back I'm thinking about it I die down I
you know like I was thinking whether the
fact that you were not committed for a
second against you
but then you could yeah it's just I mean
just giving you responses when I feel as
if there's a response to be given I
don't like it's not us like we don't
want to like just give her constant
constant response when maybe she's not
as a community the interactions gonna
like meet that but she does something
that's real and stuff and she's not
being really he's called out now she
doesn't want you to be there you just
called on go I feel like you know want
me to be here is that true or not and
she says no I don't want you to be here
or I'm having a hard day on Kate
understand Col everybody felt that way
so I'm gonna go sit over there and move
away and never leave charismatic Lee
right and maybe she'll feel guilty or
she'll decide well that guy was cool you
know even charismatic he's cool